the man is jim and he was desperate he
has been hibernating on a spaceship for
30 years but suddenly he woke up
all of the other passengers were still
sleeping and the spaceship was still
flying
jim came to the observatory the system
told him that the spaceship was coming
from earth to a new planet
it has been 30 years and there were 90
more jim was dumbfounded
he woke up too early jim started to save
himself he took the elevator to the
central hall looking for the crew
but he found no one he wanted to meet
the captain but he found out that he did
not have permission to enter the
captain's residence
he wanted to contact the earth and said
that he has an emergency situation
he woke up too early he needed to
continue hibernating the message was
sent successfully
the system told him that the message
would come to earth 19 years later
jim will receive the answer after 55
years it was too much for a joke
finally jim met an employee at the
spaceship bar he found himself to be
excited too soon because this employee
was just a robot
jim told the robot about his situation
but it said the hibernation room was
very safe
there wasn't any mistake jim did not
give up he found an instruction book on
how to control the hibernation room
after trying he fell into the
hibernation room but he could not
hibernate
he almost suffocated in it he arrived in
front of the restroom
wanting to use methods like chisels or
welding to open the door but still it
was useless
jim desperately went to the bar to drink
alcohol the robot advised him not to
worry about things that he cannot
control
and to live with the present after
listening jim understood something
he opened the door to a luxurious room
and began to enjoy this lavish but free
ride
he played basketball a chinese food
learned to dance
watched movies just like that he lived a
bland year
he became homeless in the universe one
day he found some more interesting stuff
he discovered two modern astronaut suits
he put it on out of curiosity
and carefully stepped out of the
compartment he discovered a beautiful
cosmic world
he turned off the gravity control button
his body was flowing in space
such a beautiful scene that was but he
has no one to share with he cried
after returning to the spaceship he
discovered a beautiful woman
in hibernation aurora a cruel thought
appeared in his mind
he searched for information about her
and found out that she was an author in
new york she was an adventurous girl
in the bar he mentioned aurora to the
staff said that he liked her
he returned to his room and found the
control book for the hibernation room
he wanted her by his side he tried to
forget this thought
but he was too lonely once that cruel
thought arose it cannot be ignored
he decided to follow the instructions in
the book he walked over to aurora's
dormitory
picked up a board and successfully woke
aurora up to avoid being discovered
jim quickly cleaned up the toolbox and
returned to his room
after a while he arrived at the central
hall and found aurora was awakened
jim told aurora that on the ship there
were only the two of them got up earlier
than expected
she understood her dangerous situation
and thought of ways to save herself
but jim said he had used up all the ways
there was no way to sleep again
aurora began to live in space she likes
to run swim
write novels and sometimes eat with gym
aurora asked jim why were you on this
120-year trip
so
wear an astronaut suit and flew together
in space the universe is beautiful and
romantic
aurora was completely shaken everything
happened spontaneously
aurora showed jim her novels standing in
front of the observation window
the two people leaned against each other
and watched the giant planet
everything seemed so sweet but
unexpectedly it was aurora's birthday
that day and jim had a fabulous dinner
for her
jim went to the bathroom and got his
wedding ring prepared the robot staff
told jim's secret to aurora aurora
shattered now her life has been ruined
by jim aurora angrily left him
away from me jim apologized to aurora
over the radio
aurora miserably replied that he stole
her life that night
aurora desperately went to jim's room
and beat jim fiercely
the two became two strangers with the
closest distance
the spaceship was having a lot of
trouble one day a man appeared on the
spaceship
he was the captain the third person who
had been accidentally awakened
jim and aurora saw hope under the
captain's instructions
they decided to inspect the entire ship
but unfortunately
the captain began to experience
headaches and began to vomit blood
the automatic treatment room found the
ship captain to have 612 diseases
this was caused by the hibernation
problem the captain knew that he did not
have much time
before he died he gave the captain's
strap to jim and told the two to take
care of each other and repair the ship
the ship has more and more serious
problems the bar staff also started to
encounter the error
when aurora was swimming the ship's
gravity started to disappear
she was trapped in a giant water bubble
she almost drowned
together they find the place where the
problems occurred it turned out that two
years ago
a meteorite crashed into the hull left a
large hole that caused all of this
aurora thought they can't fix it but jim
did not give up
at first he repaired his computer with a
spare toolbox but failed to repair the
exhaust system
jim decided to go out to the spaceship
to fix it the two helped each other on
and off the spaceship
finally they fixed the exhaust system
but jim was pushed into space by a blast
of air
aurora dressed in an astronaut suit
ventured to save jim
but jim stopped breathing aurora cried
and pressed frantically on the healing
chamber
a miracle appeared jim opened his eyes
again at the end of the movie
jim successfully proposed to aurora two
lonely souls who have been through life
and death chose to be together
we used to think that ourselves is the
controller of destiny but in the end
we will find out that we are just a
passenger of destiny don't keep thinking
about the destination and forget the
enjoyment of the present